If you open a computer, you will see that there are a bunch of different parts all wired together. They communicate through those wires by controlling the frequencies of electrical currents. 

Through longer wires, different computers can communicate to each other. That is basically the internet. It can also be done wirelessly like a phone call (which used to also be wired). "Wireless" was a big craze when it came out, and its growing all the time, but the lack or presence of wires is not the important part. What's important is that there are computers communicating with each other. It doesn't matter if it's done by pidgeons pecking Morse Code on metal plates to relay the information. 

So the question is not how quickly and by what technology internet connections are made, but what sort of communication is this, compared to all of the others.

The most direct form of human communication is the face-to-face conversation. Then it's a video call, then it's a phone call, then it's photos with text, then just text. Internet communication leans to the latter end of this spectrum. Fundamentally this is not a problem, but in practice, it seems to lend itself to deception. It is difficult to lie to someone's face, but on the internet (where you often can't be sure who you're really talking to), it is exceedingly easy.

One of my extended family were randomly involved in such a deceptive incident. She had a facebook account just like anybody else, but then someone downloaded all of her photos. This person went on to send these photos to a professional football player, pretending to be a woman in love with him. The football player went along with it, after all, it is not that unusual for people to meet and fall in love online these days. His love for her was no secret, and he had many fans who knew about it and wished them well. The problem was they had never yet met in person. When the truth finally came out that the photographs were stolen, it was distressing for a lot of people. The girl whose photos were stolen, first of all. The footballer who was publicly humiliated. The fans who were let down. It was on national news, and pretty much everyone who was into football knew about it to some extent. All from the actions of one person on the internet. What person could have done this?

I took a programming class in college where the professor told us that he is teaching us something very powerful, and if we do not vow to use it for good, and not for evil, he would not teach us. I thought this was a little melodramatic at the time, but now I think I understand what he meant. 

